UNAES in the Botafogo
and then everyone upstairs yuri and
today, guys, it 's our special
300 subscribers and for special I solved
to bring a video of a new series to be
totally different a series that will
bring knowledge to you
and will also enjoy yourself time
which is what would be ideas that were good
cool consoles cool consoles but not
they did happen for some reason
now some things they did not give
Okay, so I'll tell you the story.
I'll explain, I'll bring videos and pictures.
finally things to amuse you
and today we are going to talk about a console
wii console was released in mid
1998 and is the dreamcast for sure you already
heard about it enriches and now
I'll tell you a little bit about the story.
his
the good is the fit was the last bet
of the blind in the world of the consoles was
launched on November 27 , 1998 in the
Japan and in the middle of 99 in the
world the island in the beginning had great
success in sales but to see
few were losing market to the team
and for the playstation 2 raider
during the development of the
sega that I two projects of
each with a name
different
one was a black belt that was developed
in America by harvesting together with 3
of fix and the other is the project was dural
which was a name of the game chief of the
virtua fighter to is developed by
Japanese sega along with nec and hitachi
all companies produce the chips and
graphics cards for the console
but with the American dream he had a
microsoft giant particularity
is also involved in the development of
the black belt operating system was
very intuitive has an ease
for those who wanted to develop and convert
the console games to win
However, it is some time later in the
console building
sega canceled the deal with the 3g fix
also canceling the development of
console black belt nobody knows inform
because of canceling the console
which was higher ahead
compared to the Japanese consul but say
that this was due to the costs
that the project was blind and that in the
Coming console with very high price
salty for the consumer and in this
time with Japanese soil now
would make the one that the mow is
producing the name "catana" and was
officially announced that the rita would do
the cpu of the console and anec the
video of the machine that would be the
power vr sérgio that was not very good
not too bad but ran 125
megawatt this already gave a great power
graphic console and microsoft
developed the operating system
based on windows and want a system
operating and palmtops and defendant says
which were the smartphones of the time and
finally in 1998 was announced in cash
by sega dreamcast has collected more than 97
million dollars only on the first day
launched and sold more than 500 thousand
units in the first two weeks in
a month and a half console reached the mark of
1 million units sold and all
developers started focusing on the
console that was a promise already for the
future in Brazil was marketed by the
tectoy who is the official representative of
in Brazil and there was a certain
campaign by tectoy to sell
the product wants to find around
150 reais in stores
but as the nucleus of the southern flowers,
tectoy minc ramelow and sold the polls
in a product model modem
and if comparing to the
consumer to compare the price of
console that was sold by tectoy with
those of unofficial importers who
They came with dem out much more affordable
buy the console from one of
importers by making part of the
tectoy profit was diverted from that of
I tect
in the case of carriers however this has no
much to see the dreamcast went very well
I accept in Brazil and even you want
watch now I doubt you've ever been
those day care centers that were
hypermarkets that had a video game
extra type carrefour anyway if this
video game was not 1 564 is johnny cash
Here's the tip for you guys then dreamcast on
very powerful console for 3d
As for 2d it has thousands of
conversions of arcade games in many
times the conversion to the console was
much better than the original game and
You already played your car, so there you are.
example
and another amazing thing is that they
are those infernal screens of loading
dreamcast games at virtually no
existed
however is another blind slip was
fill the accessory console by doing
player to buy accessories for the
console only to play a game or even play
even to save the game I will talk now
some accessories the dreamcast had
Red team grows a mouse
chieftain boards dreamcast phishing
involves the universe is that stretch the
jec the blog band to stop the drogbon
my aunt was a total of 15
toy accessories
and there are people to this day claims that the xbox
it is a flight that will see that kinect
finally with various sales success
companies involve developing games for
including the very harvest that made the
Most console successes among
great hits in the poll we can cite
preventive against veronica
sonic adventure 1 and 2
I'm Catholic and Street Fighter Three
Troicki afternoon
Finally, another nice feature in the
friend of lili aimar developed
especially for the media gedeon sega
which is capable of 1 gig .
storage this media
has two sessions the first was as
cd room normal than the computer
recognizes and in the section looks only accessible
by pc
usually has some game bonus
such as wallpaper and
nerds information
already the second session was only
accessible the dreamcast and has the data
about the game
But in 2000 it came to market
would be the most innovative of all
consoles or playstation 2 that despite the
strong market share survey
not on the shoulders of the sega island
or two was a generation marked the
world of video games not only by the
graphics and hardware but also by
bring a new media games the dvd will
making the console also a platform
multimedia
for you to see movies anyway you rest
already know in 2002 the sega gave up and
announced that he was making a change
plans across the enterprise
they are still officially ricketts
in fact the sega was smart to make game
for playstation 2 it gave much more
profit than to attack with one's own
console and still produce games for him
also points out that it is already
exceeded
good in 2007 sold more than 10 million
units has left a legion of fans
today all over the world and many more
require that mowing be re-made
for dreamcast that had a very death
precocious and left a trauma in the
famous series that today closed the doors
in the world of consoles
anyway the cars are just for us who
we want to have dreamcast in
content with games emulators
that can already be found in the
net well guys, if you saw the video
so far the key word is to put
one of the comments and raspberry then
you've seen the video until the ipoque feat in
comments there you can praise
criticize at last if you liked the video
dedicated joinha and take add videos
favorites to help spread the word.
video is irreversible you are watching video on
Click on the above link to subscribe and
I hope you have enjoyed this mine.
new idea and also come and bring
Thanks everyone!
the nannai botafogo